[storage-file-datalake] Allow DataLakePathClient.move() use sas to authenticate source and destination (#12769)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-file-datalake/CHANGELOG.md

## 12.3.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

> - Bug fix - `DataLakePathClient.move()` will correctly add the SAS token to the "x-ms-rename-source" header. Fixed bug [12758](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/12758).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug fix - `DataLakePathClient.move()` will now support source and destination authenticated with SAS. Fixed bug [12758](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/12758).
```
